[Music]
dearly beloved friends we gather here
virtue in this time of man's great
innocence innocence innocence
[Music]
this much house your tops such news the
Yukon is a dangerous place you never
know what's coming I came up here
because I didn't want to be around
anyone and then I met buck
he was a dog like no other
they've been spoiled
kenapa and eid suffered
[Music]
but he could not be broken
I don't know where you came from but I
know where you are now welcome to the
last place on the earth I should let him
have a minute doesn't look like he's
ever seen snow before how do you feel
about an adventure
beyond old maps we should go you and I
where no one's ever been before
see what's out there
[Music]
glad you're enjoying this
I never saw him believe in anything as
much as he believes in you
[Music]
what do you say buck
adventure of a lifetime
[Applause]
you know sleeping for two days in my bed
[Music]
nine-one-one what did your emergency
hello hello
are you there
is anyone with you
did you get you a safe area
hello in the neighborhood of the Bronx
five are dead the killer taunted
authorities by writing two letters both
signed and Son of Sam
[Music]
how long has it been since you left here
it's not ok you continuing like this is
anyone there it's been happening like
this leave me alone
people get nuts out there in that heat
what is it you in some sort of trouble
somebody got shot in the face three
blocks from you the other night
[Music]
it's like someone is genuinely trying to
scare me
this place the country is changing it's
like a war zone something much more
sinister than that
have you know about anything from
looking out from up here
the Lord
the woman only gives you back what you
give it tonight is a magical night where
I choose the cat it deserves a new life
going to the ball could get dangerous
[Music]
I've got a cat bite so like plenty of
soul
spotlight and a drumroll please
[Applause]
his party time
the most deserving cat will be reborn
into another life
so they can be have they've always
dreamed of be
what's your name cat got your tongue
[Music]
don't mess with the crazy cat lady
now it is time
to make the trace right well that's not
going to work is it that's why I say to
you
[Music]
let the beat drop I was the world's
greatest spy boy sleepy night night but
then you turning into a pigeon
you better unburden eat right now you
kind of bird it yourself oh there's a
bad guy who needs to be stopped and now
I have to try to stop him while being a
bird lucky for you I'm your wingman
Wow
just
[Music]
let's get weird boom
[Applause]
[Music]
oh I never
all right Kimora starting it's about to
get messy time to go sleepy night-night
I miss my hands
[Music]
some people are trying to kill me they
just go to others
[Music]
is also probably I'm saying it's we've
evolved to be this guy's boss I don't
have this conversation right now and I
don't want to see a trace of bitterness
and disappointment because of you yes
[Music]
entity what's going on
you turn on those lights and you open
that door you were to carry on
with the show
secondly you're gonna follow our
instructions without any questions
thirdly if for whatever reason the broad
classes come you gonna pay for this to
do and they're holding Claire and
Anthony hostage and they need you just
tell us what happened and one two two
one you're on air just want girls to be
at your service to keep their mouths
shut
what did you do to the cows of them - to
get out told them we're not finishing
this was meant to be easy really easy
[Music]
what did you did kid
he's the dirtiest cop I ever knew
yeah you're not copying the kid isn't a
lot of trouble you sure about that
[Music]
Stephen sugar
beyond the law it's over
they're all gone bankage time it's time
you say what happened
[Music]
Frank want you to meet my cousin Russell
Bufalino better watch there's a lot of
tough guys around here did he tell you
I'm not afraid of praise I mean I think
so I was one of a thousand working
stiffs I thought it wasn't no more you
got a good friend here you don't know
how good a friend you got Russell he
took a shine to me right away after a
while he started giving me little things
to do
[Music]
I know you read a lot of things about me
I just want to say I'm sorry I know it
wasn't a good dad I know that I know
that I was just trying to protect all
this from what you didn't see what I see
what I've been through a friend of ours
is having a little trouble friend at the
top are you Frank this is Jimmy Hoffa
there's a meet you you want to be a part
of this fight a part of this history
whatever you need me to do I'm available
only three people in the world have one
of these and only one of them is Irish a
know strong I made you I know things
they don't know I know he said that you
sure he said that I'm worried
nobody threatens offer I got records I
got tapes they're done I had to put you
into horror later everybody put her as a
date when he's gonna go
I know how you feel frightened trust me
I know
we'll bring you back after get you car
yeah
you
I'm ranked fifth in my class and got a
perfect score on my SATs I got
scholarship award said on a roll Awards
vice president of the National Honor
Society president of eighteen I like
studying science and history and I'm
also the class treasurer ten years from
now I'm hopefully going to be some kind
of professor first person in my family
to go to college so it just makes me
want to do even better
I would love honestly to be to travel
around the world I want to be able to go
to school if I could get career all
right here's my room once you close the
curtain it's a hallway what are the
things when you have them you will be
officially an adult one of hers is a
Roomba I have credit cards now I have my
own insurance
I don't have a Roomba growing up in
Detroit was actually kinda rough this is
from Kylie I got it on our one-year
anniversary we basically attached at the
hip some days I'm overwhelmed title
source and engagement services Charles
but then there's those days and I'm just
like I love what I do
my parents are pastors I grew up going
to church every Sunday I don't want to
be a Christian because my parents are
pastors I want to be a Christian because
I know why I believe what I believe I
think my mom and my dad grew up together
I'm finally in a relationship where I
say I'm like completely happy this is
what love supposed to feel like
I just feel like kinda I guess kind of
stupid - I'm like I gave up everything
I'm really not sure how my future is
gonna work out
[Music]
success for meme is inextricably linked
to being challenged success is a life
where I'm surrounded by people I love
them people who love me
[Music]